# Lucas Muenchrath

# DSGN 270 Assignment 3 - SVG Logo Design

   In my design i was going for a tent, so it targets a campground logo, or an outdoors retail store logo. I made it look dimensional by flipping one of my rectangles (which i changed to a parallelogram) to make it look more 3D and be considered a boolean. I chose this coulour because i felt it suited the "outdoors" theme well, and wasn't just your generic green like most people picture an outdoors colour as. I added the zipper door to make it look more obvious, just adds more visual hierarchy especially having the shape of the door more unique making it look like you can zip it up and down. One other feature was the pocket window which just adds a little more detail to the tent as well so its not so boring and plain. For this design i had to overcome many obstacles, i found it very difficult at the start to stick with 3 paths (i wanted to do alot more) which now i understand it makes it that much more confusing the more paths you have when it comes to the coding aspect of the project. I ended up playing around with the shapes and figured out how to piece them together to make a design fit together rather than having a bunch of different asortments of paths together. The best thing I learned out of this is how you can double click the shapes and for example, make a rectangle a parallelogram which lead me to making a boolean group. I also found out it's important to have capitals matching your file names when tagging an image otherwise it doesnt work on git hub pages.
